while howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I got a message and we're gonna
talk about it it's a very direct very
direct message said Bo you've got six
kids how in the f do you support
abortion Wow
I have to admit that one got to me it
really got me thinking made me realize
when I was up against you know that that
display of hypocrisy just being pointed
out like that not mine I'm not talking
about mine how do you respond to a
question like that
how do I respond to a question like that
black lives matter I support LGBTQ
rights support refugees the homeless
suicidal teens women's rights I'm
against poaching I know this may come as
a shock to a lot of you but I'm not a
gay black trans female homeless refugee
rhino with suicidal ideation you want to
make the world a better place you want
to change the world you want to make
America great stop being so selfish stop
caring about things that impact you
directly and only those things start
caring about the rights of others
because here's the thing there will
always be that class of people who will
create the propaganda to manufacture the
division to play one side against the
other and get the normal folk fighting
and they'll capitalize on that and
that's how they stay in power they get
you fighting and each side considers it
a win when they take a right from the
other team nobody's winning everybody's
losing except for those people in power
except for those in control because they
gain more control over your life every
time a ride has taken every time they
can inch just a little bit further into
your life that's how a tyranny of the
majority is manufactured under the guise
of a democracy you vote each other's
rights away and yeah
yeah I do in a lot of ways live the the
far right ideal but that's how I run my
life really is the thing is I would
never force that on anybody my life and
my views on things well that's not a
basis for law I know that's a crazy
concept in today's world but what I
think is right for me personally that
that's really not a good enough reason
to employ men with guns to restrict the
actions of others that's not freedom
that's tyranny that's oppression
you know we sit here and fight over
things like this
and meanwhile lives at the top they just
laugh because they realize that half the
population has bought into the idea that
the government is infallible that the
government should have final say over
how you run your life down to the
smallest detail that's not freedom if
you want freedom you want to make
America great it's a pretty simple rule
stop kicking down only punch up anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good
night